# This is the email aliases file, mapping secondary addresses
# onto a single, canonical address.
#
# Alias first, then the email address to link it to.
# Attempting to keep it in alphabetical order based on first column.
"anel husakovic"                                anel@mariadb.org
"varun gupta"                                   varun.gupta@mariadb.com
102637268+kirillperov@users.noreply.github.com  kirill.perov@mariadb.com
105884371+fluesvamp@users.noreply.github.com    askeblad@outlook.com
108760288+mariadb-luislizardo@users.noreply.github.com luis.lizardo@mariadb.com
112724366+musvaage@users.noreply.github.com     musvaage@outlook.com
34538290+phoeinx@users.noreply.github.com       theresa.hradilak@gmail.com
43503225+pleblanc1976@users.noreply.github.com  patrick.leblanc@mariadb.com
46791326+rucha174@users.noreply.github.com      rucha.deodhar@mariadb.com
50832275+hartmut-mariadb@users.noreply.github.com hartmut@mariadb.com
56494179+anson1014@users.noreply.github.com     ansodchu@amazon.com
59557163+mariadb-susilbehera@users.noreply.github.com susil.behera@mariadb.com
61234003+mysqlonarm@users.noreply.github.com    mysqlonarm@gmail.com
62115046+mariadb-romannavrotskiy@users.noreply.github.com  roman.nozdrin@mariadb.com
72864488+mariadb-sergeyzefirov@users.noreply.github.com sergey.zefirov@mariadb.com
74389817+nth19@users.noreply.github.com             3310288189@qq.com
79837786+mariadb-leonidfedorov@users.noreply.github.com leonid.fedorov@mariadb.com
79879057+mariadb-alexeyvorovich@users.noreply.github.com alexey.vorovich@mariadb.com
82840027+mariadb-allenherrera@users.noreply.github.com allen.herrera@mariadb.com
89034356+mariadb-alanmologorsky@users.noreply.github.com alan.mologorsky@mariadb.com
91733807+sergmariadb@users.noreply.github.com   sergei.krivonos@mariadb.com
96391731+ekaterinepapava@users.noreply.github.com  papava.e@gtu.ge
9eor9@users.noreply.github.com                  georg@mariadb.com
abychko@gmail.com                               alexey.bychko@mariadb.com
alice.sherepa@gmail.com                         alice.sherepa@mariadb.com
allen@allens-black-macbook-pro.local            allen.herrera@mariadb.com
an3l@users.noreply.github.com                   anel@mariadb.org
andrew@mariadb.org                              andrew@linuxjedi.co.uk
bar@home.dlink                                  bar@mariadb.com
ben.thompson.015@gmail.com                      ben.thompson@mariadb.com
chriscalender@gmail.com                         chris@mariadb.com
claprix@yandex.ru                               kosov.eugene@mariadb.com
contact@leandropacheco.com                      leandro.pacheco@galeracluster.com
cvicentiu@gmail.com                             vicentiu@mariadb.org
daniel@linux.ibm.com                            daniel@mariadb.org
davidmott@build-debian-8.dallas-robotics.com    david.mott@mariadb.com
davidmott@debian-8-dev.dallas-robotics.com      david.mott@mariadb.com
db@dbart.us                                     daniel.bartholomew@mariadb.com
dbart@askmonty.org                              daniel.bartholomew@mariadb.com
dennis.khalikov@gmail.com                       dennis.khalikov@mariadb.com
diego.dupin@gmail.com                           diego.dupin@mariadb.com
diego.dupinmariadb.com                          diego.dupin@mariadb.com
drrtuy@gmail.com                                roman.nozdrin@mariadb.com
faustin@fala.red                                faustin@mariadb.org
gagan.nith@gmail.com                            gagan.goel@mariadb.com
geoff.montee@gmail.com                          geoff.montee@mariadb.com
git@darkain.com                                 github@darkain.com
github+dockerlibrarybot@infosiftr.com           joe@infosiftr.com
github@greenman.co.za                           ian@mariadb.org
grooverdan@users.sourceforge.net                daniel@mariadb.org
hartmut@php.net                                 hartmut@mariadb.com
helmut@subdivi.de                               helmut@debian.org
jaakolatommi@gmail.com                          seppo.jaakola@codership.com
ji@haidongji.com                                haidongj@amazon.com
jmrojas2332@gmail.com                           jose.rojas@mariadb.com
krunalbauskar@gmail.com                         mysqlonarm@gmail.com
l.fedorov@mail.corp.ru                          leonid.fedorov@mariadb.com
maghermit@maghermit.com                         vladkakurin007@gmail.com
marko.makela@iki.fi                             marko.makela@mariadb.com
markus456@gmail.com                             markus.makela@mariadb.com
martin11lrx@gmail.com                           martin.montes@mariadb.com
mcfadden7586@gmail.com                          david.hall@mariadb.com
midenok@gmail.com                               aleksey.midenkov@mariadb.com
mike.chalov@gmail.com                           mcchalov@amazon.com
mkaruza@users.noreply.github.com                mario.karuza@galeracluster.com
mott.david.j@gmail.com                          david.mott@mariadb.com
name@localhost.localdomain                      sergei.krivonos@mariadb.com # NOTE: This might cause issues later, but for now it is the only person who did this
nayuta.yanagisawa@gmail.com                     nayuta.yanagisawa@mariadb.com
nayuta.yanagisawa@hey.com                       nayuta.yanagisawa@mariadb.com
olegs@teramind.co                               olernov@gmail.com
otto@debian.org                                 otto@kekalainen.net
otto@seravo.fi                                  otto@seravo.com
pkubaj@users.noreply.github.com                 pkubaj@anongoth.pl
plinel@mendel-master2.cm.cluster                patrice.linel@genusplc.com
razze@iki.fi                                    rasmus@mariadb.com
rnozdrin@mariadb.com                            roman.nozdrin@mariadb.com
root@ip-172-31-3-254.eu-central-1.compute.internal  roman.nozdrin@mariadb.com
root@ip-172-31-38-21.eu-central-1.compute.internal  roman.nozdrin@mariadb.com
root@pm1.xentio.lan                             zdravelina.sokolovska@mariadb.com
root@rocky8.localdomain                         daniel.lee@mariadb.com
ruchad1998@gmail.com                            rucha.deodhar@mariadb.com
sachinsetia1001@gmail.com                       sachin.setiya@mariadb.com
sanja@sanja-w.fritz.box                         sanja@mariadb.com
sara.jaakola@gmail.com                          seppo.jaakola@codership.com
seppo.jaakola@iki.fi                            seppo.jaakola@codership.com
sergeikrivonos@gmail.com                        sergei.krivonos@mariadb.com
serzh7214@mail,ru                               serzh7214@mail.ru
sp1l@users.noreply.github.com                   brnrd@freebsd.org
stepan@cnt7glr11.localdomain                    stepan.patryshev@mariadb.com
svojtovich@gmail.com                            svoj@mariadb.org
sysprg@gmail.com                                julius.goryavsky@mariadb.com
t.gross35@gmail.com                             tmgross@umich.edu
tmokmss@users.noreply.github.com                tomookam@live.jp
ubuntu@ip-172-31-0-18.us-east-2.compute.internal jose.rojas@mariadb.com
ubuntu@ip-172-31-6-47.us-east-2.compute.internal jose.rojas@mariadb.com
vicentiu@localhost.localdomain                  vicentiu@mariadb.org
vlad_lesin@mail.ru                              vlad.lesin@mariadb.com
vuvova@gmail.com                                serg@mariadb.org
vvaintroub@gmail.com                            wlad@mariadb.com
william.devries@gmail.com                       wdevries@clustrix.com
ycp@precision                                   yuchen.pei@mariadb.com
